like everyone and the n
and then the pain that exhausts me
I know it's a speck
marisela very triangle
what a rich comment it is to enjoy
clear polar maltin natural nutrition
that will accompany us of course the
trip marked the 30th on Saturday
is in maracaibo
why
and it 's good to say what the bug would be
weird that you have something commercial like
a diabolical dog is like a dog
diabolical cooper is like a work of
art of artists like a Chinese dog is
A dog is a Chinese dog
and good good
I like it that way, they recognize the channel
modern televen story
they remember very few moments so
profitable as lucrative as the time in
the list are two of the moments in
which channel gets the most
amount of money
Well, not in vain, today we have a
bright for the list you play in this
moment today's list is presented
it's fun to see celebrities do
very active churros with their mouths
We're really making churros with
the voice
doing your routine
you know there have been demonstrations
part of those who work in the
legal department of the country what would be
little bird with courts and well there is a
great controversy here around the
freedom expression truth is a
sentence that the other one supreme
Justice is another that comes around
that can not be confiscated the
properties of the bankers until
end the trial and a sentence is given
to your good purchase with so few resources
and with so much work here are the 10
signs that the supreme court justice
You need a rest position number
well your decisions are copied at the foot
of the letter of justice cases for
everyone
the recent pronouncement of the court
it was written on the back of a
project a thing of daisy
by majority of the right it has doubled
igman pools even though she does not
he has requested it
17 judges often that
announce the verdict is sunny I say
guilty
the judges can solve the problem
of the silent brewers is left
bottles
good because you can hang up while
all measurement
is better
because that's why it's good
in
and the last ones that have been decided by
members of the cleaning department
in 2000 in a is always pointing to the
email to send
of this new fashion to present in the
court and light was just talking
jesus robinson the great adventure
the supreme court of justice I need a
rest for the most difficult cases
they ordered the purchase of a chair
electrical as the guide of the
texts of their states